The failure of the VA is because they underestimated Japan.
The criticism has now become the voice of the Japanese government's attack.
Roosevelt has finally declared that the US military situation has become very bad.
Americans have to wake up to the importance of the problem.
The state of the state must calmly and bravely recognize the reality.
The state has no oil, no rubber, no
and has very few population.
It is difficult to judge why the state is trying to wage a futile war.
However, the state must also erase its attitude even if it does not like it.
If we do not fight, we will be destroyed.
If we fight, we will be defeated.
I would like to add one more thing.
Next, I would like to talk about Madagascar's attack.
May 31, the same year as the death of Sidoni Kyosho,
my special vanguard,
attacked the northern part of Madagascar Island,
which was occupied by the British navy just a month ago.
The British navy, which was the main base of the British navy,
was attacked by the British navy,
and successfully entered the port.
The British battleship Queen Elizabeth,
and the British battleship King Arathorn,
were also destroyed.
I have not yet given the details.
I will reveal the details when the troops arrive.
Our navy is already suppressing the eastern half of India.
Even the Far West is following the British navy.
We are convinced that India and the Far East will have a significant impact.
It is a sign that the British navy is following the path of the
British navy.
The British navy is also strengthening the security of the southern part of India.
The British navy has already developed a great strategy.
It has also developed a great force of fire.
It is a sign that the British navy is following the path of the British navy.